how much work can you give do not give that
just do not say that the interface
on have the ability to dive into
the depths of your mind but for the first time
you need my help to
crank the trick you want to walk
into someone else's head
see this atlas development my atlas
development actually satin a map
mental and physical abilities
personality divine abilities
this is the junction of body and soul symbiosis
opposite body functions if
find the point where the psyche
connects with physics it should
be somewhere at the junction of the hemisphere
must be recorded not to forget to book
operating on tuesday night but you still
beautiful here
Thank heaven you here we already thought
legs carry
you see
it controls the current flow
if you can poke around in it
fry a couple of the world
and make sure nobody comes against
armor
by disqus